Docs/issue 29 intro claude md (#30)
commerce-operations-foundation/mcp-reference-server: backends/your-backend/CAPABILITIES.md

# [Your Backend] Capabilities

This document defines the MCP server capabilities for your backend integration.
It follows the generic MCP adapter principles defined in [CLAUDE.md](../../CLAUDE.md).

---

## Canonical Tool List

> These operations define the full surface area of the MCP specification for this backend integration.
> 
> The MCP server MUST NOT introduce additional methods, rename existing ones, or change their semantics.
> Each method maps directly to a backend API endpoint as described below.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
These operations define the full surface area of the MCP specification for this backend integration.

The MCP server MUST NOT introduce additional methods, rename existing ones, or change their semantics.
Each method maps directly to a backend functionality, e.g. API endpoints as described below.

```

---

### Actions (Write Operations)

These operations modify state in the backend.
Claude should use them only when the user explicitly requests a state-changing operation.

- **createSalesOrder(input)**
  Maps to: `POST /api/orders`
  Creates a new sales order in the backend.

- **cancelOrder(input)**
  Maps to: `POST /api/orders/:id/cancel`
  Cancels an existing order.

- **updateOrder(input)**
  Maps to: `PATCH /api/orders/:id`
  Updates fields of an existing order.

> 

Author: Claude is able to handle this abstraction.
